for some people money equals happiness
unfortunately life is a strict teacher
and it often shows that there are things
much more important than wealth that's
the hard lesson Laura's friend Jessica
had to learn from her own experience
both Laura and Jessica worked in a diner
customers loved the funny and friendly
waitresses and usually left them pretty
nice tips after work the two would often
hang out to hand they got along pretty
well but birds of a feather don't always
flock together because these two friends
had totally different approaches to life
Laura had come to understand that you
have to work hard to become successful
in life Jessica on the other hand was
just waiting to marry rich so that she
wouldn't have to lift a finger for the
rest of her life and maybe our dear
Jesse here wouldn't have a problem
catching some millionaires eye with her
long dark hair perfect skin and adorable
dimples
she really was beautiful and she
definitely didn't have a lack of
admirers but perhaps that gorgeous face
had gone to her head because she was
really picky when it came to finding the
perfect man she believed she deserved
the very best and she had no problem
turning down any guy that asked her out
if he couldn't give her a luxury life
and a mansion with fast cars and a huge
underground swimming pool with a
built-in jacuzzi she wasn't interested q
Madonna's Material Girl if you want
Laura however was a bit shy sword a
mousy she wasn't confident in herself in
her looks she figured her frizzy hair
plain clothes and dirty Chuck's probably
weren't gonna attract anyone's attention
little did she know that she really was
quite pretty but every time they went
out jessica outshine her one day laura
was standing behind the counter when she
saw a scruffy looking guy lingering
outside the window looking in at all the
diner's enjoying big plates of homestyle
cooking
he was really pale and thin and he
looked famished
Laura with her heart of gold invited him
inside and offered him a cup of coffee
and a warm meal the man hesitated at
first almost embarrassed but he
gratefully accepted the kind offer as he
was about to leave he saw jessica
cleaning the tables on the other side of
the cafe he froze at the door almost
paralysed by her beauty he then blushed
muttered his goodbyes and thank-yous and
quietly left since that day
Laura often saw the poor man near their
diamond he'd sometimes be out there
helping neighboring businesses with
their truck deliveries other times he'd
be washing store windows but sometimes
it looked like there wasn't any work for
him so he just sit there lost in thought
one cold winter day Laura decided to
bring him some hot chocolate and a
fresh-baked muffin she found out that
the man's name was James and he really
had it bad for Jessica from time to time
he asked Laura to pass some little notes
and gifts to his crush Laura didn't have
the heart to tell the man that every
time Jessica saw his cheap presents
she'd throw them away and then scrub her
hands with soap and water but shy Laura
secretly kept James's things in a box
under the counter she thought they were
sweet spring came around and James came
into the diner one day he was cleanly
shaven
and dressed better than usual he bravely
approached Jessica and asked her out on
a date she took one look at him up and
down rolled her eyes and said she'd
never agree to be seen anyway
with the likes of him she bragged that
she had an admirer that earned more than
$15,000 a month lived in a big spacious
house showered her in expensive gifts
like designer clothes and jewelry and
she was still on the fence about him so
what made him think she would settle for
a bum Laura couldn't help but eavesdrop
on their conversation and her heart
broke when she saw how devastated James
life when he left the diner she shot a
dirty look at Jessica and ran out after
him they sat on a bench in a nearby park
and talked for over an hour
despite being heartbroken James was
surprisingly a great conversationalist
he knew about every topic Under the Sun
and his sense of humor was sharp and
clever Laura and James started becoming
good friends they met almost every day
during her lunch break James and Jessica
tried to avoid each other and the Laura
couldn't be happier about that the
surprising truth is that she was falling
for him hard a few months later when
James invited Laura out for an evening
stroll he suddenly got really nervous
when they got to their favorite park but
he picked up the courage to tell her
that he'd fallen in love with her
Laura was speechless and ecstatic the
feeling was mutual but first James
wanted Laura to know the truth about him
he hadn't had the easiest life he came
from a poor family but perhaps that's
why he was so determined to work hard
and go on to do great things he was a
smart kid got good grades but never did
go to college he had to start working
young in order to help his family pay
the bills as fate would have it he met a
guy who convinced him that they should
open a business together it sounded like
a great idea
and perhaps it was because their
business started flourishing almost from
the get-go it took off started growing
faster than either of them could have
ever imagined
basically five years later they were
running a multi-million dollar company
but James's problem was that he was too
kind and trusting one day he found out
that his partner had tricked him and
forged documents from the start in the
end
James had no legal ownership of the
company and his partner pretty much
fired him told him to get lost and well
you know where it goes from there with
no income James lost everything its
house his car even his bank accounts
were blocked he told the police and
apparently they were looking into it but
you know how those kinds of things take
time
but it was mostly the betrayal that made
James just give up he live on the
streets where nobody could double-cross
him ever again after James finished his
story Laura didn't know what to say she
couldn't possibly believe all that all
she could do was just smile and hug him
a week later James seemed to have
disappeared without a trace
Laura was worried sick she couldn't
sleep she barely ate
she went to all the hospitals in the
area but he was nowhere to be found
after about three weeks she'd already
lost hope of ever seeing him again but
one day a sleek black car pulled up in
front of the diner a man in an
impeccable suit got out of course
Jessica was the first to notice him this
well-off stranger walked into the diner
and Jessica immediately sent him a
blazing smile but he ignored her he kept
walking around as if looking for someone
at that very moment Laura came out of
the storage room her eyes lit up
she ran toward the man wrapped her arms
around him and cried James where have
you been I was so worried
Jessica couldn't believe her eyes how
could this rich elegant stud be there
poor scruffy James finally Laura let go
of the man and looked at him attentively
for the first time that was when she
understood that James's story had been
true the investigation must have gone
well and the business was back in his
hands as she'd find out later that's
exactly what happened is it still your
lunch break shall we go for a walk
he asked almost as if they could pick up
right where they left off let me make
you a hot chocolate
Laura replied grinning and if you never
believed in happily ever afters well
Laura is definitely an exception they
did end up spending the rest of their
lives together as for Jessica things
didn't go so well for her she never did
get over the fact that she lost a
millionaire of her dreams
oh and Oliver that admirer of hers with
a pitiful 15k a month he gave up chasing
after her she stayed single and bitter
for a very long time still turning down
any good guy that wasn't gonna spoil her
in riches for some people money becomes
so important that love loyalty and
kindness lose their value this story
serves as a reminder that greediness
often plays a cruel joke on the people
who live by it do you think that Jessica
got what she deserved
let everybody know down in the comments
don't forget to give this video a thumbs
up share with your friends and click
Subscribe
to always stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]